- [Instructor] Social media has become an important part
of business-to-consumer communication.
So let's build a Twitter connection endpoint together.
Initialize the project files
by running git checkout 04_03b.
Now, for this lesson,
we want to display a corporate newsfeed
that is published on Twitter
to our local consumer dashboard.
There's a bit of a lift that a developer needs to do
if you're following along with this code at home
in that you need to create a developer account at Twitter.
And the reason you need to do that
is because in our application properties file,
they're in lines 7 through 10,
you will need to fill in your own consumerKey,
consumerSecret, accessToken and accessTokenSecret.
You can obtain those from Twitter
by creating a free developer account
and instructions are at developer.twitter.com.
Once you have done that,
and filled in your own OAuth keys and tokens,
then you can go to application.xml.
In line 41, uncomment the Twitter feed configuration file
so that we can import it and run it.
If those properties are not properly filled out,
this will throw an error.
So having done that,
we're ready to go right into twitter.xml.
That's our Spring integration configuration file.
And go ahead and configure
our integration inbound channel adapter.
We're using the int-twitter namespace.
Notice that there are a number of options here
inside this namespace.
We have options specializing in direct message,
DM, searches and posts, mention searches and posts,
inbound and outbound adapters.
The high-level thing to note here
is that these inbound adapters are specialized
to read from Twitter and return results on a channel,
while the outbound adapters are specialized
to write to Twitter and report the result
on a reply channel.
For this lesson, we're going to configure
a search-inbound-channel-adapter.
Let's give our adapter ID TwitterPoller.
Our twitter-template will be called twitterAuth
and that refers to the bean that we have established
in line 21.
That bean is what reads the OAuth tokens
that we configured in application.properties
that we discussed a few minutes ago.
So we have our id, our twitter-template,
which gives our authentication credentials.
Our query is simply going to be a Twitter query
that you can run on the web.
Let's make this tailored to our backend corporate presence,
which is KinetEco.
This is a live Twitter feed
that will be compatible with the KinetEco fictional brand
that has a public Twitter account.
So that's our query.
The channel that we are going to return our results on
is our updateNotificationQueueChannel,
which is already in use and being pipelined
into the application for other purposes.
We're going to piggyback on this
and also use the updateNotificationQueue.
And as we did before with the JDBC configuration,
we're going to set our auto-startup to be false
because we want to control when this polling begins.
Finally, having mentioned poller,
we're going to go ahead and set up a poller mechanism
so that this automatically is going out to Twitter,
finding results, returning it to our application
without our application having
to manage the thread management of doing the poll ourselves.
We'll do a our fixed-rate
or normally, you might do something
like every 10 minutes maybe
but we're going to do every seven seconds.
And let's give max-messages-per-poll,
let's just set that at one.
Okay, we close our poller element,
which is inside our search-inbound-channel-adapter element.
Id, query, channel, auto-startup.
And that should do it
for configuring our Twitter poll.
And we uncommented, so we're importing.
Now, the last thing I want to explain
is what we've done in our ViewService.
The updateNotificationQueueChannel there in line 20
is already being consumed in our ViewService.
We're going to add a capability
to pull a tweet off of that channel.
And for fun, we're putting the system out,
we're printing the news, the payload of the tweet we pull in
but then ultimately, what we're going to see
is these latest tweets reflected on our consumer dashboard.
So let's start our application and see what we get.
And there you notice at the bottom,
we have pulled in one tweet
from our live demo corporate presence
and if we go out to our user interface,
we can see those getting reflected
in the upper right-hand component
of our dashboard, kinetECO News.
So well done.
We have built a simple Twitter inbound channel adapter
and are polling a live Twitter feed for corporate news.